Add pulsar 2.8.1 release note (#12001)
apache/pulsar: site2/website/release-notes.md

## Apache Pulsar Release Notes

### 2.8.1 &mdash; 2021-09-10 <a id=“2.8.1”></a>

### Broker

> - Fix all web threads get stuck when deleting the namespace [#11596](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11596)

Reviewer: Fix the issue that all web threads get stuck when deleting ....

> - Fix all web threads get stuck when deleting the namespace [#11596](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11596)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue of all web threads get stuck when deleting a namespace [#11596](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11596)
```

- Improve error logs in BacklogQuotaManager [#11469](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11469)
- Solve the issue of precise rate limiting does not take effect [#11446](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11446)
- Fix replicated subscriptions direct memory leak [#11396](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11396)
- Change ContextClassLoader to NarClassLoader in ProtocolHandler [#11276](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11276)

> - Fix ledger rollover scheduled task [#11116](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11116)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue of ledger rollover scheduled tasks were executed before reaching the ledger maximum rollover time [#11116](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11116)
```

- Fix publish_time not set error when broker entry metadata enable without AppendBrokerTimestampMetadataInterceptor [#11014](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11014)
- Fix parseMessageMetadata error cause by not skip broker entry metadata [#10968](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10968)
- Fix issue where Key_Shared consumers could get stuck [#10920](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10920)
- Fix throwable exception not thrown [#10863](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10863)
- Handle multiple topic creation for the same topic-name in broker [#10847](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10847)
- Add REST API to enable or disable replicated subscriptions [#10790](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10790)
- Fix issue that message ordering could be broken when redelivering messages on Key_Shared subscription [#10762](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10762)
- Fix set-publish-rate when using preciseTopicPublishRateLimiterEnable=true [#10384](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10384)

> - Upgrade BookKeeper version to resolve the BouncyCatle issue [#11759](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11759)

Reviewer: BouncyCatle or BouncyCastle?

Author: done

- Fix getPreviousPosition NPE [#11621](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11621)
- Remove duplicated configuration [#11283](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11283)
- Source tarball: apply executable file permissions to shell scripts [#11858](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11858)
- Fix java_test_functions build failed [#11829](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11829)

> - Fix generate javadoc for kafka-connect-adaptor failed [#11807](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11807)

Reviewer: I was wondering do we just copy the PR titles or improve the readability of the sentences as well?

- Allow null to be set as namespace level subscription TTL [#11253](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11253)
- Enable peeking encrypted batch messages [#11244](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11244)
- Fix async response filter [#11052](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11052)
- Add error log for schema admin operation [#11427](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11427)

### Tiered Storage
- OffloadPoliciesImplBuilder missing method and not implements OffloadPolicies.Builder [#11453](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11453)
- Remove unused listener to reduce creating executor pool [#11215](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11215)

### Pulsar IO
- Make KafkaSourceRecord ack() non-blocking to avoid deadlock [#11435](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11435)
- Allow Sinks to use native AVRO and JSON [#11322](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11322)
- Refine the key in redis sink when key is null [#11192](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/11192)
- Change the nar package name for pulsar-io-kafka-connect-adaptor [#10976](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10976)

> 

Reviewer 3: Remove the lines.
